# Data types

## Number
* Infinity, -Infinity
* NaN
  * NaN represents a computational error. It is a result of an incorrect or an undefined mathematical operation, for instance:
 ```javascript
 alert( NaN + 1 ); // NaN
alert( 3 * NaN ); // NaN
alert( "not a number" / 2 - 1 ); // NaN
 ```
* integer range
 * -(2^53 - 1) ~ (2^53 - 1)

## BigInt
* BigInt type was recently added to the language to represent integers of arbitrary length.
* A BigInt value is created by appending n to the end of an integer:
```javascript
// the "n" at the end means it's a BigInt
const bigInt = 1234567890123456789012345678901234567890n;
```

## null
* different with C languages null.
 * not meaning 'reference to a non-existing object' or 'null pointer'
 * meaning 'nothing', 'empty', or 'value unknown'

## undefined
* meaning 'valud is not assigned'

## symbol
* to make object property key without naming conflict

## typeof x
```javascript
typeof undefined // "undefined"

typeof 0 // "number"

typeof 10n // "bigint"

typeof true // "boolean"

typeof "foo" // "string"

typeof Symbol("id") // "symbol"

typeof Math // "object"  (1)

typeof null // "object"  (2)

typeof alert // "function"  (3)
```
* alternative is typeof(x), but typeof is a operator, not a function


## Summary
* Seven primitive data types:
* number for numbers of any kind: integer or floating-point, integers are limited by ±(253-1).
* bigint for integer numbers of arbitrary length.
* string for strings. A string may have zero or more characters, there’s no separate single-character type.
* boolean for true/false.
* null for unknown values – a standalone type that has a single value null.
* undefined for unassigned values – a standalone type that has a single value undefined.
* symbol for unique identifiers.
* And one non-primitive data type:
* object for more complex data structures.
* The typeof operator allows us to see which type is stored in a variable.

* Usually used as typeof x, but typeof(x) is also possible.
* Returns a string with the name of the type, like "string".
* For null returns "object" – this is an error in the language, it’s not actually an object.
